So how was it,
are you a rem lover right now?
In case you had some problems,
let's have a look at it together now.
Now as I said for the padding top, we can simply change that 32 pixels into 2rem,
so 2 times 16 pixels,
then we have our width and height with
100%,
this is totally fine,
Max guided you through that.
Here we have the margin which we can definitely change to 1rem also,
we know how this works now.
I also told you that I will keep the border as pixels as I don't want to have this really huge borders
if we have a larger default font size, you can apply rem here if you want to,
as I said, not my preference
therefore we'll leave it like that.
Same thing is true for the box shadow
right here, we'll also stick to pixels. For the package,
a) we have our padding of 32 pixels,
so again something we should change right here to rem.
Regarding our margin for our batch, so for this thing right here, this recommended batch,
well let's also add rem right here maybe, I think this is totally fine,
let's say 1.2rem like that, let's see what this looks like,
I think this is OK,
then we have a padding of 8 pixels which should be 0.5rem, like that
and then we have package info,
so I think you know how it works so we can do it a bit faster now,
1rem. The border will remain the way it is,
we will change the font size to 1.2rem right here,
like that and then we are actually done as I think, we have the border,
yes that's it actually.
So with that, we also fix this package page right here
and this is also totally dynamic now, so no more pixels in here
and as we have to repeat the same procedure for shared and the main.css file,
I will now simply jump to the stage where I applied all these changes.
You can find the code after adding these changes attached to this video,
so simply change the CSS code of the shared and the main.css file and after I added these changes, I'll be
back.
So with that finished as I said, just copy the code you can find attached to the video into the shared.css
and the main.css file
and if we now look at our website, it looks all right,
so nothing broke apparently
and if we increase the font size to very large right now,
let's see what happens, like this and like that,
then we can see that the starting page looks OK,
no big issues.
We have the packages side which looks all right actually
and we have our customer side which also looks OK.
So our rem update turned out to work fine,
our page gets looking better and better.
Let me just guide you through two or three or some things that I changed or that I did not change.
For example in the shared.css file,
you can see that I didn't change this calculation so far,
we might work on that later but not as of now
and you can also see that I left the border radius to a pixel value. It's again the same rationale I
talked about when we left the box shadow or the border in general as a pixel value. The rest is actually
straightforward as we did it all the time,
here again another border radius. And in the main.css file, I deleted the padding we had right here
in our product overview ID selector,
that was a padding of 10 pixels,
I don't think we need that anymore,
that's why I got rid of it.
Another thing that I left in pixels is down here,
our key feature image, these are these images we have down here to see how awesome our page is.
We will work on these later also in the responsive part,
therefore I didn't change the units of these images as of now
but generally for the majority of our website right here, the rem unit is now applied.
So with rem and em being finished and applied, we can now continue with the last unit that I would like to
show you as part of this module. For that,
do you remember this backdrop right here, that we added to our HTML files?
We commented it out so far with the display none declaration right here,
so let me maybe add it once again so that you can see it.
So it works totally fine,
we don't have any problems with it but I told you that there is a second approach, how to create such
a backdrop,
mainly because we refer to the viewport with the position fixed property
and I said to you that this is one way, how to do this but we have another unit which makes it also
easy for us to create such backdrops for example.
Let's have a look at this unit in the next lecture.